Sommer is here and you decided to go on a trip at the night in order to relieve some of the stress your boss at the job gave you a few days ago,
upon reaching your destination, you decided to camp in a place where the night sky was clear, you decided to start looking up and saw how it was
filled with shining stars, 
some are blue, the others are more reddish and wondered, but hey, what are you looking at?

We, humans, are curious, it is in our nature, we want to discover and see what lies beneath our earth, and what lies above our heads, 
it is the urge of wanting to know and discover the unknown and that what keeps our minds alive. Unkiverse is made for curious minds and
minds that want to know access to what we have discovered till now.

"The knowledge of the whole universe for the whole world" is our slogan, in Universe, we are trying to map the whole universe and make 
it accessible to everyone at any time, get to know how our universe is functioning, which parts do it consists of and much many great stuff 
to discover in Unkiverse. We are still in the Alpha version means that you might face some bugs, typos, etc., If you saw any of them or simply 
would like to provide us with feedback, then don't hesitate to do so, we appreciate any contributions!

In Unkiverse, the Universe is categorised into the following chapters:

1) Composition
In this chapter, you will find the fundamental particles, dark energy and dark matter and 
other essential "pieces" of the universe. You will also get to know what are they exactly and how they 
are the basic "bricks" of the observable universe. 


2) Properties
You want to know about how old our universe is, how does it look like and more regarding 
its properties? Then you are in the right place. You will also get to know the fundamental 
forces that keeps most of the parts "bricks" together.


3) Models & Theories
Here we will dive into some interesting theories, models and hypothesis that describe how 
our (observable) universe comes into existence, our place in this vastness, the fate of this gigantic 
universe and more.


4) Scientific Instruments
Want to know which incredible instruments we have in order we expand our knowledge about the reality of our universe?
Then you are at the right place, 
discover some of the most important satellites, particle accelerators and more.


For the time being, Unkiverse is still under active development (Beta phase). 
If you have found bugs, typos, wrong pieces of information or even if you have any suggestions, 
kindly don't hesitate to send feedback to us so we can look into it. 
