A black hole is an astronomical object which has a strong gravitational 
force that even light can't escape.
Black holes can't be observed directly as light can't 
be reflected on its "surface" and therefore on our space 
instruments (telescopes) to directly observe it. This is why we rely 
on observing the behaviour of objects (stars, space gas, etc.) around 
it in order to determine whether there is a black hole or not in a particular region 
in space, its distant to us and even other important properties like the size of it.


Black holes are categorised in three classes:
1) The smallest ones are known as primordial black holes. Scientists 
believe this type of black hole is as small as a single atom but with the mass 
of a large mountain. Primordial black holes are thought to have formed in the early 
universe, soon after the big bang.

2) The most common type of medium-sized black holes is called "stellar." 
The mass of a stellar black hole can be up to 20 times greater than the mass 
of the sun and can fit inside a ball with a diameter of about 10 miles. 
Dozens of stellar mass black holes may exist within the Milky Way galaxy.
Stellar black holes form when the center of a very massive star collapses in upon itself. 
This collapse also causes a supernova, or an exploding star, 
that blasts part of the star into space.

3)The largest black holes are called "supermassive." These black holes have 
masses greater than 1 million suns combined and would fit inside a ball 
with a diameter about the size of the solar system. Scientific evidence suggests 
that every large galaxy contains a supermassive black hole at its center. 
The supermassive black hole at the center of the Milky Way galaxy is called Sagittarius A. 
It has a mass equal to about 4 million suns and would fit inside a ball 
with a diameter about the size of the sun.
Scientists think supermassive black holes formed at the same time as the galaxy 
they are in. The size of the supermassive black hole is related to the size and 
mass of the galaxy it is in.

Our sun does not have enough mass to collapse into a black hole. 
In billions of years, when the sun is at the end of its life, 
it will become a red giant star. Then, when it has used the last of its fuel, 
it will throw off its outer layers and turn into a glowing ring of gas called a 
planetary nebula. Finally, all that will be left of the sun is a cooling white dwarf star.












Last updated on: 17.07.2022
